## | Systematic software testing |
Systematic software testing is a way to test the code of a software to
ensure it meets all the requirements.

This is especially helpful when production code changes, as running tests
helps in finding out faults before production code is deployed.

## | JUnit |
JUnit5 is the latest unit testing framework for Java and is the most
commonly deployed testing framework across Java. It comes with
following features

`@Test` : A method that can use the assert class
          org.junit.jupiter.api.Test

`@BeforeEach` : A method that contain a fixture which is invoked in every
                @Test methods
                org.junit.jupiter.api.BeforeEach

`@ParameterizedTest` : Parameterizes tests, making for easy batch inputs
                       org.junit.jupiter.params.ParameterizedTest;

`@CsvSource` : Helps in parameterizing tests.
               org.junit.jupiter.params.CsvSource

`AssertEquals` : Used primarily inside @Test methods to check if the
                 output is the same as expected. Fails if false.
                 org.junit.jupiter.api.Assertions

## | Failure |
When a software system or component behaves in an unexpected way, such as
blue screen of death

## | Fault | Bug | Defect |
All three are synanomous, and is a flaw in a component that causes the
system to behave incorrectly.

## | Error | Mistake |
Human action that produces an incorrect result.

## | Validation vs Verification |
While both are used interchangebly, they have distinct meanings

Validation is more about making sure that our system delivers what the
user needs it to deliver, such as operational needs.

Verification is more about our system delivering what the specifications
wants it to deliver. That it is free of bugs.

Think like this
| Validation | Verification |
| --- | --- |
| Are we building the system that our users want? | Are we building the system right? |

## | When is code tested enough? |
There's no single testing strategy that can make a program 100% bug free.
But employing multiple test strategies maximizes bug finding.
